0.98
------

ClamAV 0.98 includes many new features, across all the different components
of ClamAV. There are new scanning options, extensions to the libclamav API,
support for additional filetypes, and internal upgrades.

    - Signature improvements: New signature targets have been added for
      PDF files, Flash files and Java class files. (NOTE: Java archive files
      (JAR) are not part of the Java target.) Hash signatures can now specify
      a '*' (wildcard)  size if the size is unknown. Using wildcard size
      requires setting the minimum engine FLEVEL to avoid backwards
      compatibility issues. For more details read the ClamAV Signatures
      guide.

    - Scanning enhancements: New filetypes can be unpacked and scanned,
      including ISO9660, Flash, and self-extracting 7z files. PDF
      handling is now more robust and better handles encrypted PDF files.

    - Authenticode: ClamAV is now aware of the certificate chains when
      scanning signed PE files. When the database contains signatures for
      trusted root certificate authorities, the engine can whitelist
      PE files with a valid signature. The same database file can also
      include known compromised certificates to be rejected! This
      feature can also be disabled in clamd.conf (DisableCertCheck) or
      the command-line (nocerts).

    - New options: Several new options for clamscan and clamd have been
      added. For example, ClamAV can be set to print infected files and
      error files, and suppress printing OK results. This can be helpful
      when scanning large numbers of files. This new option is "-o" for
      clamscan and "LogClean" for clamd. Check clamd.conf or the clamscan
      help message for specific details.

    - New callbacks added to the API: The libclamav API has additional hooks
      for developers to use when wrapping ClamAV scanning. These function
      types are prefixed with "clcb_" and allow developers to add logic at 
      certain steps of the scanning process without directly modifying the 
      library. For more details refer to the clamav.h file.

    - More configurable limits: Several hardcoded values are now configurable
      parameters, providing more options for tuning the engine to match your
      needs. Check clamd.conf or the clamscan help message for specific
      details.

    - Performance improvements: This release furthers the use of memory maps
      during scanning and unpacking, continuing the conversion started in
      prior releases. Complex math functions have been switched from
      libtommath to tomsfastmath functions. The A/C matcher code has also
      been optimized to provide a speed boost.

    - Support for on-access scanning using Clamuko/Dazuko has been replaced
      with fanotify. Accordingly, clamd.conf settings related to on-access
      scanning have had Clamuko removed from the name. Clamuko-specific
      configuration items have been marked deprecated and should no longer
      be used.

There are also fixes for other minor issues and code quality changes. Please
see the ChangeLog file for details.

--
The ClamAV team (http://www.clamav.net/team)
